The .NET Core solution in the current directory, called new_horizon, is
the foundation of a tool I'm building, called lunar_analyst, that
supports searching for and analyzing landing sites for lunar missions.

Currently, new_horizon can take a list of nested digital elevation
maps (geotiff files) and generate files containing horizons for the
DEM pixel in the inner DEM.  Each file contains horizons for a patch
of DEM 128 by 128 pixels in size.

Using these horizons, new_horizon can calculate the illumination on
the surface at the pixel of the inner DEM at any time between 1970 and
2050.  new_horizon uses the Spice library developed by JPL's NAIF
facility to do this.

I want to replicate this C# illumination calculation in Python using
the numpy, numba and spiceypy libraries.  That is, I want python code
to read the horizon files and generate a lightmap geotiff file given a
timestamp.

The code in @moonlib/pipeline/LightmapPipeline.cs does this
calculation. Use it as a model.

I don't expect you to replicate the threading and multicore use done
by .NET's task parallel library.  But I do expect the code that is
generating the lightmaps from the horizons to be jit-compiled with
numba.

Implement this as a python function that takes these inputs:

1. the path of a digital elevation map (dem)
2. a directory path containing horizon files.
3. the path of an output geotiff file.

The function reads the directory finding all horizon files there.
(Look at the C# code to see how they're named.)  Then create an output
byte array large enough to contain all of the 128 by 128 pixel patches
represented by the horizon files.  Then iterate through the list of
files, reading them and calculating illumination values for each pixel
using the corresponding horizon and the timestamp.  (SPICE is slow and
single-threaded, so you probably want to cache the sun vector in moon
mean earth frame, although you'll have to rotate it into the
gravity-normal frame for each pixel before calculating the sun's
azimuth and elevation.  Then you use that and the horizon to calculate
the illumination.

When this function has finished calculating illumnation for all of the
patches, write the byte array to a geotiff file.  Copy the
georeferencing from the dem input to the output geotiff.

There is a C Python interpreter in
d:/projects/env_gdal/Scripts/python.exe that has the numpy, numba and
spiceypy libraries installed.  I will use that to run your code.  You
can run it for testing.

Create a python/ directory and put python source files there.

If you have questions about the instructions, ask them first.
